Instructions on how to use cluster promotions for PII accounts (#543)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/guides/Integration-Guides/data-privacy/changes-and-limitations-pii-data-architecture.md

## Adaptation requirements for feature implementation

In this section, you can learn what VTEX features are available but require adaptation for accounts using the PII data architecture.

### Promotions - Customer cluster

> To use cluster promotions in a way that is compatible with the PII data architecture, you must use the `piiClusterExpressions` field to configure your promotions instead of `clusterExpressions`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set up promotions for specific customer clusters in a way that is compatible with the PII data architecture, you must use the `piiClusterExpressions` field instead of `clusterExpressions` in [Promotions and Taxes API](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/api-reference/promotions-and-taxes-api#post-/api/rnb/pvt/calculatorconfiguration).
```
